Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[phone ringing]
Hey mom. what's up?
Hi Kate. honey.
I'm just checking.
Have you run out of
my strawberry jam yet?
Because I'm happy to send more.
I'm still working on the
first two jars you sent me.
but thank you.
So how's your week been?
Well you know. we've
been working on the garden.
You should see your father's
tomatoes. ripe and ready!
Do you think you'll
get any time off soon?
We miss you!
Aww. I miss you.
But there is an outside chance
that I'll be
coming your way soon.
Really?
You know that story I
was telling you about?
Uh huh.
Well. I pitched it to Patricia
and hopefully she'll
let me write it.
which would mean
I would come home
to do the research.
That would be so great. honey.
Yeah. she texted me
last night that she read it.
She's never read
any of my stories.
let alone taken them seriously.
Oh. that would be amazing.
This might be
your chance to write.
Well good luck.
we'll be thinking of you.
Thanks. mom.
I've gotta go. I'm
almost at the coffee shop.
Hey. you might not be the
office coffee girl much longer!
Call me later. I love you.
I love you. Bye!
Good morning. Kate.
Hi.
My normal order almost ready?
But with a
grande iced mocha for me.
-On the way.
-Great. thank you.
Hi.
I'll have an iced latte
and I see you've
got some pastries here.
Any of them really good
in particular?
You should try the
almond croissants.
They're great.
They're always fresh
out of the oven.
Perfect yeah.
I'll have one of those.
It's a nice coffee shop.
It's the best.
I come here every day.
-Here you go.
-Thank you.
-See you next week!
-Have a good day.
Thanks.
Napkins!
Whoa!
-Oh. I'm so sorry!
-Cold. cold. cold!
Oh. I'm sorry!
No. it's okay. You know what?
-What can I do?
-Nothing.
I'm just glad it was ice.
I feel bad for whoever
lost their coffee.
That was me. but I don't care.
Can I pay for dry cleaning?
No. absolutely not.
But do you know if there are any
clothing stores around here?
Actually yeah.
there's Stanley's.
It's just up on the left.
It's across the street
from the sushi place.
You know the one with the
bobbing cat in the window?
I don't. but I'm sure
I'll find it.
I work just down the street.
I am late for work.
I am so sorry.
Are you sure
there's nothing I can do?
No. it's just an accident.
You know what?
You be on your way--
I'll see you around.
Sorry about your shirt.
Morning everyone.
It's been another great week
at Seattle City News.
The weekend is coming.
which means another opportunity
to get out there and
find interesting people
with a story to tell.
As you know. we're
always looking for fresh ideas
and innovative journalism.
As the editor in chief.
it's my job to help you
grow and build.
I have an important
announcement to make.
Today. we are
welcoming a new member
to the Features and
Human Interest team.
And here he is now.
Please join me in welcoming
Drew Hutton to the team.
everyone.
Wait. Hutton?
Like the Huttons
who own the paper?
Hi everyone.
Sorry I'm late.
I got in a fight with the wrong
iced latte and lost.
But I'm really
excited to be here
and looking forward
to working with you all.
-Here. Drew.
-Oh thanks.
Drew recently
moved back to Seattle
after a stint
as a travel writer.
He's going to be heading up
our Human Interest department
as our new senior journalist.
And Drew. I have
your first assignment.
Oh sure. bring it on.
It's a profile
on an Olivia Klein
from the town
of Sunflower Valley.
It's a sweet story.
something easy to start with.
That was my story.
What?
Great. so who's Olivia Klein?
And where's Sunflower Valley.
sounds kind of quaint.
[laughter]
My assistant Kate can fill
you in on all the details.
I need you to go
there on Monday.
Alright. everybody.
Please make Drew feel at home.
Keep making me proud. people!
Nice to see you again so soon.
Yeah. I'm glad you
got a new shirt.
Look. I have to go follow...
See you later.
Hey.
Nice to meet you all.
Okay. I have a call
with Grant in a few minutes.
Could you be a lifesaver
and check on my dry cleaning?
I need that dress for the gala.
Is something wrong?
I just. well...
Since I did all the research
and I pitched you
the Olivia Klein story.
I was wondering if you'd
give me a shot at writing it.
You want to write the story?
Yes of course. I'd love to.
You know that's always
been a dream of mine.
Listen Kate. we've talked
about that before.
I have no doubt that someday
you will make a great writer.
but with no degree.
no prior experience...
I love your proposal.
but as editor in chief. I just
can't trust that to you now.
And besides Kate.
you know how much
I need you here.
No of course. I understand.
But hear me out.
I grew up in Sunflower Valley.
I know the people there.
I even know
Olivia Klein's family.
No. I'm sorry we've
just got too much going on.
I still need my
expense report done.
And it's Don's mother's
birthday next Wednesday.
I need a gift.
And do not get me started
on my kitchen renovation.
That's not a problem.
you know how I get things done.
But this would be a chance
on a story that is
very close to my heart.
I hear you.
Okay so. if you can keep up
with everything else.
I don't see why not.
You're going to let me
write the story?
No. I'm going to
let you go with Drew.
but strictly as a researcher
and his assistant.
You can show him where the bones
are buried. so to speak.
Help him with anything he needs.
But he is the writer on this.
Understood?
Understood.
Thank you.
Try and learn
something from him.
So I'm going.
just me and him?
Get yourself on that flight
Monday morning.
I want a report every day
and I'm still going to
need you to be available 24/7.
Absolutely.
Thank you. Patricia.
I really appreciate it.
♪
Huh. so this is
Sunflower Valley?
Where are all the sunflowers?
We're at the airport.
This is surrounded by miles
of sunflower fields.
Right. I see.
Yeah of course.
I've only ever been
to a lavender field.
That was in the south of France.
There was a lot
of tourists. though.
I'm sure this will
be much quieter.
We have tourists also.
Right. yeah.
Of course you do.
They're... around.
So listen. your cab will
be here in a few minutes.
Sorry about that. there's
only one cab company in town.
Oh no.
Actually. my parents
can drop you at your hotel.
It's on the way to our house.
it's no problem.
You know what.
I wouldn't want to put them out.
I have to say. it's pretty cool
that you're actually from here.
It's like having my own
personal tour guide!
I guess so.
I guess you weren't expecting
to have to chauffeur me--
My parents.
Hey Kate!
Oh my gosh--
Hi Mom!
We've missed you so much.
It's only been a few months.
I know. I'm just so excited!
I can't believe you're
staying for a whole week!
And who's this handsome
young gentleman?
You didn't mention you
were bringing somebody!
Kate never brings anyone home!
Mom.
This is Drew. he's my colleague.
I'm helping him write a story.
I guess I'm his assistant.
Sorry. I didn't have time
to tell you over the phone.
His assistant?
Oh. okay.
Lovely to meet you. Drew.
Welcome to Sunflower Valley!
You know. I had a
second cousin named Drew.
he wasn't half as handsome
as you are.
Thank you. I guess!
It's lovely to meet you too.
Let me help you with that bag.
You know what?
My cab should be here
any second.
If you're waiting for one
of Larry's cabs.
you could be waiting here
about a week.
(laughter)
Where are you staying. son?
We'll be happy to
take you in the truck.
Yeah thank you. that's great.
I think I'm staying
at the Beverly.
-Yeah.
-The Beverly?
Oh no. no way.
Dad. it's fine.
The Seattle City News
is paying for it.
Nonsense honey!
You don't come all
the way from Seattle
to stay in some
soulless corporate hotel!
Not when we have so many
beautiful options here.
You know what?
He can stay in our guest house.
What do you say hon?
Oh sure. we'd love to have you.
That's a very kind offer.
I wouldn't want to impose. so...
See. Drew wants his own space.
And the corporate hotel
is probably way
more up his alley.
You know what.
on second thought.
the guest house
sounds kind of perfect.
I mean. do as the
locals do. right?
Trust me. I've stayed
in plenty of hotels.
I'm not missing much.
Wonderful.
You can say that again.
-I'll get that for you.
-Thank you.
Here. I'll take that.
We actually renovated the
guest house a few years ago.
I gave it kind of Italian
Tuscan type theme.
-Right. Joe?
-Right. honey.
♪
Alright Drew. this is us.
And the guesthouse is just a
little further along that path.
Joe will show you.
Great thank you so much.
both of you.
What a treat to stay
in such a homey place.
It's no bother.
If you need anything.
you just let us know
and I'll get Joe to bring down
a plate of snacks later.
Wow. thanks again.
Kate. I'll see you
bright and early.
See you tomorrow.
Come on. I'll show you
where you live.
Have a good night.
Welcome home.
Come on. let's get you settled.
He's a catch!
And very friendly.
Yeah. but you
and dad didn't need
to roll out the
red carpet for him.
He's only a colleague
and I just met him.
Honey. we are very proud of
our hospitality around here.
You know that.
He seems nice and happens
to be very handsome.
He's not that handsome.
Well anyway. I should manage
your expectations.
That is not
what's happening here!
He's just another guy
doing my dream job.
Oh. I'm sorry you didn't
get the news you wanted.
What happened?
Well. she read my submission.
Then she gave the story
to this guy.
I practically begged
for the opportunity
to write on the piece.
but I don't know.
He's new and he's the
CEO's son. or something.
Oh really. the owner's son?
Yes and what?
He gets to write my story.
our story.
about our town. our legacy.
Why him?
It's like Patricia doesn't see
my potential as a writer.
She only sees me as a gofer
or something.
You're not a gofer.
you're my beautiful daughter.
You have to look at
this as an opportunity.
Your time will come.
Thanks. mom.
It's not the quite the same.
but I know you're right.
Okay. so here is the itinerary.
Wow. itinerary?
Do we really need one?
Every trip needs an itinerary.
Plus. I love a plan. so--
Sorry. how many pages is this?
I hope you scheduled us
some free time in here.
You're welcome.
How did you even have time
to do all this?
That's what weekends are for.
Remind me never to spend
a weekend with you.
Anyway. so I thought
we would start
at Olivia's old lake house.
see where she came from--
Sorry. hang on.
Can we take
a quick step back?
Who is Olivia and why
are we writing about her?
You didn't read my brief.
did you?
No.
So...
Olivia Klein.
She was born in 1900
here in Sunflower--
Wow. that must mean she's...
Wait. how old is she?
Wow. you really did not
read my brief.
She has been passed away
for over 40 years.
Right. that makes
a lot more sense.
Okay and what was so special
about this Olivia Klein?
Well. recently one
of her family members
found some of her old
journal entries.
And they contain dozens
of stories of people
she helped all over Sunflower
with matters of the heart.
Her family didn't really
know anything about it.
so I thought it would be
interesting to delve deeper.
Matters of the heart?
Is that your way of saying love?
Anyway. all her life.
she kind of set people up.
like a matchmaker.
And according to these journals.
there were a lot
of success stories.
Some of the people she helped
are still around.
Sounds like you're a big fan
of this woman. huh?
Yeah. I think we would
have gotten along.
Okay. so what's the plan?
Well. I asked around
and I managed to find
a few of the couples
from the journals.
So. I set it up for you
to interview them
and then I thought
between interviews
I could show you the sights
of Sunflower Valley.
That should give you enough
for you to write your piece.
What's the matter?
I don't know.
I just wasn't really
expecting this kind of thing.
When Patricia said
human interest.
I thought maybe this Olivia
had done something
extraordinary.
What could be more
extraordinary than love?
[snickers]
What's funny?
I'm sorry. you can
call me a cynic.
but you don't really believe
in all that stuff. do you?
Believe in what stuff. love?
Yeah. of course I do.
And wow. you really are a cynic.
Matchmaking? I don't know.
I'm just not sure I'm the man
for this job.
Some people would kill
to write this story.
It means a lot to me.
I really want us to...
you. to do it justice.
Sure. yeah.
So what's first?
Okay.
I thought we would start
at Olivia's old lake house.
Olivia's lake house - okay.
And how are we
getting there. cab?
That could take days.
No. I have set up
a little surprise.
♪
Okay. so you can see
the sunflower fields
much better from up here.
Yeah. some of them.
Beautiful. isn't it?
I used to play hide-and-seek
in those fields.
Sunflower Valley
sure is beautiful.
Yeah.
There's a little creek
down on the left.
we're going to pass it
in a minute.
You're really lucky to be from
such a charming
part of the world.
Look. Kate...
Can we start over?
I feel like maybe we
got off on the wrong foot.
When I spilled coffee
all over you.
or when we were randomly sent
to Sunflower Valley together?
This assignment seems
really important to you.
Patricia said you had
some sort of connection to it.
More than a connection.
The story was my idea.
Really?
I didn't even...
What am I doing here then?
Well I'm just Patricia's PA.
I don't write the stories.
I just come up with ideas
every now and then.
And it is very dear to my heart.
But the most
important thing to me
is that we do justice by Olivia
and we tell her story correctly.
Yeah. I agree.
I'm in.
I think we'll make a great team.
Alright. here we go.
This is Olivia's house.
What do you think?
It's beautiful.
Do I get the 50 cent tour?
Sure.
And for you. the VIP discount.
Oh...
So nobody actually lives here?
Not at the moment.
The family has been doing
a big renovation.
Sweet.
And the family is okay
with our assignment?
Absolutely. we have
their full blessing.
They are very intrigued
to see what we find out.
Okay.
Oh. and do you have that journal
you were talking about?
I should probably
take a look at that.
Yeah.
But I left it at home.
I'll show it to you later.
Okay.
I will stop asking questions
because I can see
that you thought of everything.
So. Olivia lived here
with her husband. Gordon.
and their three children.
And when Olivia and Gordon's
time passed.
the family decided to keep
the home
as kind of a second
family house.
so they could keep enjoying it.
and these views.
Yeah. I can see why.
And this is Olivia and Gordon
on their wedding day.
They got married right here
at the lake.
Apparently it was a
beautiful summer's day.
Just perfect.
I've always thought
it would be magical.
Is there anyone
special back in Seattle?
I'd be happy to drop
a few hints for you.
No.
Just a little dream I have.
I'll show you the lake.
Great.
Wow. what a view.
I know.
This place is a
little piece of heaven.
The perfect place to do
some crafty matchmaking!
I can tell this place
means something to you.
Well. who wouldn't like it here?
Plus. country air
is food for the soul.
My mom always says that.
And there's plenty of it here.
You ready to meet
the first couple?
Absolutely. let's do this.
[door knocking]
Hi.
You must be Freddie.
It's lovely to
meet you in person.
We spoke on the phone.
I'm Kate Francis and this
is my colleague Drew Hutton.
He'll be writing
the piece on Olivia.
Actually. Kate will be
leading our interview.
-I will?
-Yeah.
I will.
Honey. the newspaper people
are here.
It's awfully nice to meet you.
It's nice to meet you.
Hi. why don't we sit
out here in the yard
and I'll go get us some
homemade blackberry cordial?
Blackberry cordial?
Betty. you're speaking
my language.
Why did you tell them
I was doing the interview?
I'm not supposed to.
Patricia said that
I'm the writer.
but she never said
anything about
who could ask the questions.
Let's do this together.
Here we go!
Fresh blackberry fizz.
It's a little on the sweet side.
Just like you. honey.
Oh. stop it Freddie!
That's lovely. thank you.
Oh Betty. oh that's sweet.
That's nice.
Now. what would you
like us to do?
We've never been
interviewed before.
it's all very exciting!
But we're a little nervous.
Well firstly. umm...
thank you so much
speaking with us.
As I wrote you.
we're doing a piece
based on journal's
of Olivia Klein
that her children
recently discovered.
Oh. Olivia was so wonderful.
She's the very reason
why Freddie and I
are sitting here together today!
So tell me more about how
you knew Olivia.
Now hang on a second.
Betty. I need the get the recipe
for this blackberry fizz.
Oh. it's very easy.
Just a little fermentation
and a lot of sugar!
Right.
Freddie. I get the feeling
she spoils you
like this a lot. huh?
Absolutely.
Betty's a great cook. too.
Oh. well remind us to come back
for a meal sometime.
I was born and raised
in New York City.
but my family used to summer
in Sunflower every year.
Betty worked at the
local florist here.
I have to tell you.
the first time I laid eyes
on her in that flower shop.
I thought I'd seen an angel.
Oh. stop it Freddie.
He wasn't too shabby either.
But he came from
a very well to do family
and they just
spent summers here.
So I didn't hold out much hope.
But I did!
We couldn't get enough
of each other.
It was the most magical summer.
But when Freddie's folks
found out
that he was getting
serious on me.
that was the last summer
they spent here.
When I told them
that I loved Betty
and I wanted to
marry her someday.
they made sure I'd
never see her again.
I was devastated.
But my mom told me
that if it was meant to be.
he would write.
I had been writing to her.
I wrote her dozens of letters.
But eventually I stopped
because I never got any back.
That's terrible.
it must have been so hard.
Is that when you met Olivia?
Exactly.
She had come into
the shop one day
and was immediately
sensitive to my mood
and asked me about it.
I told her the whole story
about me and Freddie
and how I hadn't heard
a single word from him
since he'd left.
What did she do?
This was hard for me to believe.
but after I told her everything.
unbeknownst to me.
she took it upon herself
to travel to New York
and contacted Freddie's parents.
It cost her a fortune.
and she only knew me
as a flower girl.
I was there when she came
to our apartment.
In front of my parents.
she asked me
if I knew Betty from Sunflower
and had I tried
to reach out to her?
Olivia knew something strange
was going on.
So she finally got
Freddie's folks to admit
that they had bribed the postman
not to send his letters
and make sure he never saw mine.
Somehow. she got
through to them.
The next summer they returned
and my Freddie
came back to Sunflower.
And here we are over
50 years later!
So...
why do you think Olivia
became so invested?
It sounds like she
really went above and beyond.
Oh definitely.
She would say that everyone
deserves to love and be loved.
Oh Freddie. show them
the sunflower!
Who could argue
with that philosophy?
She changed our lives.
What's this?
This was Olivia's
wedding gift to us.
Oh. a sunflower?
You know. sunflowers
are traditionally
a symbol of longevity
and lifelong happiness.
It reminds us every day.
how lucky we are to
have found each other
and how thankful
we are to Olivia.
It's a really beautiful story.
you two.
You know honestly.
I think love like yours
might be from a time gone by.
Oh. I'm not so sure about that.
Thank you so much
for talking with us.
Anytime.
And thank you for this fizz.
I'm gonna have to try
this recipe.
To Olivia.
-To Olivia.
[phone ringing]
Oh. it's Patricia.
I'll let you.
Thanks.
Hi Patricia. everything okay?
Not really. my dress
for tonight's charity gala
never came back
from the cleaners.
It hasn't.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Let me call them and find out
what's happened.
Okay. I need it by tonight.
How's Drew's story coming?
It's coming along.
We just interviewed
the most lovely couple.
How are you guys getting along?
I'm helping get the job done.
Great. hurry back.
Okay. bye.
Everything okay?
Oh yeah. nothing I'm
not used to with work.
My job can be a little
uninspiring sometimes.
But I shouldn't complain.
You want me to call a cab?
Well. the weather is still nice.
You feel like walking back?
Sure.
Great.
That was some story
back there. huh?
Yeah. it was pretty sweet.
Sounds like they
got really lucky.
Might not have been just luck.
Maybe it was fate.
Right. the soulmates thing.
Why are you so
against that idea?
I'm not against it.
I just think it's a way of you
making order out of serendipity.
Maybe I'm just too much
of a pragmatist.
I guess you are.
Look. if Freddie and Betty
were meant to be.
would they have been
without Olivia?
Olivia might have
been the agent of fate.
Touché.
Thank you for helping me
at the start there.
Think I kind of jumped the gun
before they were ready
back there.
No. you were fine.
I just think you can
get more out of people
if you make them at home
from the beginning.
If you mention
the little things.
It really seemed to really work.
Thanks.
So how long have you been
at Seattle City News?
Five years.
Wow!
So what's next for you?
Well. junior journalist
is my next career goal.
I have been trying to enroll
in classes online.
How's that going?
No time.
Patricia's got me
working 24/7.
Well. I wouldn't give up.
Thanks. I won't.
I don't know about you.
but I am starving.
Do you have any dinner plans
in that little schedule
of yours?
I do. my mom is making dinner.
-Nice.
-Yeah.
I can recommend
Giovanni's in town.
They have really good
thin crust.
Oh yeah. right.
I'll head over there.
So. how did it go today?
With Drew. I mean.
You know. it wasn't so bad.
He didn't do much
research beforehand.
but when the interview got going
he was really good.
He taught me a few things.
He has a way of
connecting with people.
Just like you.
See that's great!
I knew you two would get along
like a house on fire.
I wouldn't go that far.
Honey. we need napkins!
And one more plate.
Why do you need one more plate?
I thought it was going
to be the three of us
for dinner tonight?
And Drew. of course.
You invited Drew?
Of course. where else is
he gonna eat. Giovanni's?
Yeah. exactly.
Mom. we're working together.
He's practically
my boss right now.
I want to keep our
personal lives separate.
Oh don't be silly sweetie.
that's not the way we
do things here in Sunflower.
-Hey.
-Hi.
These are for you.
I figured you guys see
enough sunflowers.
so I thought tulips.
Thanks.
Thank you. how thoughtful.
Yes. that was thoughtful.
I knew she was up to something!
She saw me leaving for town
and invited me.
I hope you don't mind me
joining.
No. of course not.
It's a lovely surprise.
Plus. you said you wanted
the full Sunflower experience.
Buckle up. my mom is famous
for this chicken dish.
So there I am.
I stride out the door
thinking I've got the world
at my feet. when bam!
In comes Kate and her
12 coffee cups
crashing right into me!
And that was my introduction
to your daughter. right there.
The start of a great
working relationship!
No. it was terrible.
I felt so bad!
Well honey. it sounds like you
inherited my elegance and grace!
Excuse me. my old ballet teacher
would disagree!
You were always perfect
at everything.
Wow. thank you mom.
I'm glad you feel that way.
I bet you all got
some pretty great stories
growing up around here.
Never a dull moment
in Sunflower Valley.
I can tell you that much.
Kate used to play in
the sunflower fields
nearby every day.
Where did you grow up. Drew?
Me?
I'm a city boy.
through and through.
Grew up just outside of Seattle.
Me. my parents.
my older brother. Tim.
We had a really great childhood.
Drew's dad is a pretty big deal.
Grant Hutton owns
the Seattle City News.
The parent company.
Your family has owned it
for years. right?
Yeah.
My grandfather bought
his first newspaper
in Spokane in '47.
Now we're pretty big.
My dad took over the reigns
after my grandad passed
and my older brother Tim
is in real estate.
So it all kind of falls to me.
When do you plan on taking over?
Not sure.
We'll have to see.
I've been a travel writer
for the past 12 years.
Sort of heard the calling
to get more involved
in the family business.
so here I am.
A travel writer?
That sounds like
an exciting life.
A man of the world.
It's an interesting job
for a businessman's son. though.
Not exactly the button down
world I would've expected.
Yeah well. I've always been one
to take the road less traveled.
But here I am now.
So. first full day
in Sunflower Valley.
What's the verdict?
Well let's see.
Horse drawn carriage.
adorable elderly couple
still hopelessly in love.
Whole lots of sunflowers.
Topped off with one of the best
chicken dishes I've ever tasted.
I'd say we're off to
a pretty good start.
Country air is food
for the soul.
I'll have to agree with that.
And on that note.
I am going to turn in.
Okay.
Thank you so much
again Mrs. Francis.
for a wonderful meal.
Please. call me Linda.
And thank you so much
for the flowers.
Yeah. I have my mother to thank
for raising me right.
-Night.
-Goodnight.
-Night. Drew.
[sigh]
Handsome and a gentleman.
Mom. will you stop.
Hi.
Hey.
Uh... you don't
look ready to go.
I'm not. I just got out
of the shower.
-Morning.
Wow. you look nice.
Thank you!
I didn't think we
were meeting until later.
Well. if you checked
your trusty itinerary.
you would know we
are meeting right now.
I see. Guilty again. yeah.
Want to come in?
I'll just be a few minutes.
That's okay. I'll wait out here.
Sure.
I brought the journals with me.
I thought we could
have a little picnic
and read through them.
Makes reading through old pages
much more appealing!
That sounds good.
where are we going?
This spot I love
by the main lake.
It's always super quiet.
I actually call it
my thinking place.
Perfect.
Oh. and we're bicycling there.
Right.
You're gonna love it.
♪
I've forgotten how much
I miss this.
Country breeze with
the sun on our backs.
There's nothing like it.
Yeah. it's nice.
Come on Drew. loosen up.
Enjoy the ride!
I'm all good. thank you.
Just haven't been on
a bike in a long time.
Wait. what?
You were a travel writer!
What do you mean?
You didn't jump on a bicycle
every once in a while?
Not really. no.
I did get on this Tuk-Tuk
one time in Thailand.
But that. that was enough
to scare me for life.
Other than that.
it was all planes and buses.
Sounds exciting though.
Yeah.
So this barn.
it's kind of a
sad story. actually.
It's just a big old barn now.
but it used be the youth center.
It's a great location.
What kind of
youth center was it?
Just a place where kids from all
kinds of different backgrounds
could come socialize.
I know it's hard to believe.
but it's not sunny
for everyone in Sunflower.
Some of the locals
kids had it tougher
and this place was a
real life saver for them.
They had volunteers running
all kinds of programs.
Activities and sports.
canoes on the lakes.
All kinds of things.
They even had
inspirational speakers
come from around the world.
Entrepreneurs.
scientists. all kinds.
To inspire them
that they could be
whatever they wanted to be.
That sounds really nice.
Exactly.
Yeah. I volunteered here
a few times.
It was so gratifying.
So what happened to it?
Ran out of funding.
It's a shame.
Someone should really revive it.
Come on. let's go.
The picnic waits for no man!
Okay. Mr. Cynic.
You're going to have
to brace yourself.
These are some excerpts
from Olivia's journal.
Please be advised.
they may contain
romance and emotion.
Okay.
I think I can handle it.
"I have felt such unexpected joy
in bringing Freddie and Betty
together.
I knew my instincts were right.
They are both people
who deserve each other.
For a moment I wasn't sure
I'd be able to help poor Betty.
But I know I had to try.
And I can't pretend I didn't
enjoy my adventure to New York.
And Freddie's face
when he saw me.
an 80-something year old
showing up at his front door.
It was all worth it
to see them reunite.
And as I walked home.
arm in arm with the love
of my life. Gordon.
I felt a warm inner glow.
knowing now that
there are two less
lonely hearts out there."
Nice.
Okay.
I think I have a good one.
"Love can be a scary. daunting
and life changing thing.
Not everybody is
brave enough at first
to handle something
that strong.
But if you can
weather that storm
and let yourself be seen
and be vulnerable.
there is no feeling like it.
A soulmate is one word for it.
But that doesn't
seem to do it justice.
It's sharing mornings.
cleaning up after a
dinner party together.
holding hands in
front of the television.
being truly understood
by another.
It's having a true friend
to talk to.
A companion to help shield you
from life's trials
and tribulations.
To love and be loved is
the greatest adventure.
We all deserve that.
She really believed
in it all. huh?
She did.
You know. Olivia's own
family told me
that her parents wanted her
to marry the mayor's son.
But she followed her heart
and married Gordon instead.
Even though he was unsuitable.
he was the one who made her
truly happy.
That must have
been so difficult.
I think after that happened.
she went out of her way to
avoid those kind of situations.
People missing out
on their soulmates.
Good for her!
Jury's still out on me. though.
One. I'm not sure about
someone helping love along.
And two. I'm just not convinced
that there's only one person
out there for everyone.
I mean isn't that idea
a little daunting?
What if you never find them?
I think fate brings
soulmates together.
I feel like it did
for my parents.
I'm sure maybe you feel
that way about yours. too.
What are you writing?
Oh. nothing.
I just jot down notes
every once in a while.
I write a lot.
But I have to do it
in my spare time.
With Patricia keeping me
so busy...
Can I read some of your work?
I don't know.
I'm not sure that
any of it's any good.
Okay.
Well I mean. if you
change your mind
just know that I'd love to.
Thanks.
Okay.
So. you see here...
Jennifer and Michael?
They own a personalized cake
making business in town.
They are the go-to in Sunflower
for all weddings. birthdays.
gender reveals.
You name it. they bake it.
I guess they've
been at this awhile
if they knew Olivia back then.
Yeah. years and years.
I always wanted one
of their fancy cakes.
but. you've met my mom.
it was homemade in my house.
or nothing at all.
Oh. can I help you?
Hi. I'm Kate Francis.
We spoke on the phone.
Kate. welcome to
Sunny Smiles Bakery.
We've been expecting you.
I don't know how our paths
haven't crossed before.
I know.
I spent most of my
adult life in Seattle.
so I think that's why.
But I'm happy to meet you now.
This is Drew.
he's writing the piece
and I'm his--
Co-writer.
we are both journalists.
It's really lovely to meet you.
You too.
Michael will be back shortly.
he had a delivery to make.
Thanks for coming all this way.
You know. I have to tell you.
we were so thrilled
to hear Olivia
was being honored this way.
We owe everything to her.
Well. that seems to be
a running theme.
Of course!
Right. you two.
Aprons on!
Aprons?
Will we need aprons?
Itinerary!
Right. what is it this time?
I thought we could make our
signature sunflower cupcakes.
It's nice and easy.
Vanilla flavored
with buttercream icing.
Great.
It sounds perfect.
Here we go.
-Thanks.
-Thank you.
So. it was over 40 years ago.
I'll admit to both of you.
I still feel like
the fool of this story.
Oh not at all. honey.
Michael and I have
actually known each other
since we were babies.
We grew up together.
He lived in the farm next door.
We went from building
treehouses together.
to building science projects
together.
It was mainly her helping me.
And boy did I need the help.
Oh. come on Michael.
But the long and short of
it is we were inseparable.
When we got a little bit older.
it started to feel a little
bit more than friendship.
At least. I thought so!
No. I felt exactly the same way.
I just found it hard to express.
And I didn't know
she was feeling it too.
Then came prom.
Oh prom. the best and
worst part of high school.
This is the part Michael hates.
I didn't ask her.
To the prom. really?
I completely blew it.
I was convinced that
Jenny wouldn't accept
an invite from a friend.
But I on the other hand.
was devastated.
I ended up going
with Stuart Drayton.
Who was nice enough.
but he wasn't Michael.
And that was it.
What do you mean. that was it?
You two never talked about
how disappointed you were?
Much worse.
I did nothing.
And we didn't really speak
for a year.
I thought Jenny was happy
with Stuart.
I didn't want to come
between them.
And that's when Olivia came in.
I'm guessing?
Right on time.
I was working at the
local diner after school
when Jenny and Stuart
came in one day
looking for milkshakes.
Stuart and I were
going steady by then.
but I was still holding
out hope for Michael.
It was all very awkward.
I watched the them
leave together.
holding hands. when Olivia
came up to the counter.
I didn't know who she was
at all at that point.
And she said. "You're in love
with that girl. aren't you?"
She just knew.
And it was at that moment
that I realized she
was absolutely right.
I did love Jenny.
but nobody had ever put it to me
like that before.
I was heartbroken.
I felt I'd blown it.
But not according to Olivia.
No. she was the one
who convinced me
to go after you and gave me
the confidence to do it.
She told me I would
need some grand gesture
and even then.
nothing was for sure.
So. what was the plan?
Yeah. don't leave us hanging.
Olivia asked me what
Jenny's favorite thing was.
That was easy. cupcakes!
So Olivia invited me
back to her kitchen
where she herself
helped me bake...
it must have been
a hundred of them.
Did any of them look
as good as these?
Mine were not much better.
But Olivia fixed them up
and I took them down
to our special tree
down by Sunflower Creek
and asked Jenny to
meet me there at sunset.
I was very surprised
with his invitation.
I had no idea where
he was coming from.
But I went with my heart
in my throat.
And when I first arrived.
I saw him standing there.
and he was smiling at me
like a puppy dog.
Then I saw it.
The cupcakes?
It was kind of corny.
but I'd carefully set them up to
spell out. "Will you be mine?"
And?
And it was just perfect.
He told me it had
always been me.
Always and forever.
And then we held each other
and I cried and cried.
I cried too.
I finally had the girl
of my dreams.
I have to ask...
did she give you that sunflower?
She certainly did!
Not bad for a small town. right?
That is very good.
It beats some of Seattle's best.
Right?
So. one more day of romance
and you still haven't run away.
No.
I loved Jenny and Michael.
And you know what?
I think you're right.
Olivia wasn't just a
busy body. or whatever.
She really seemed to care.
It is going to be a great piece.
[phone buzzing]
Sorry...
It's Patricia.
She needs me to
order 50 candles.
Not even going to ask why.
Got it.
Sorry about that.
No.
Are you always on her clock?
I didn't sleep
for two whole days
before her daughter's
fifth birthday.
Unicorn themed.
I see.
So look. I've been thinking.
It's strange spending
so much time together
and all I know about you
is your life at City News
and your dream
of being a writer.
So. you know. we're
colleagues together now.
Who knows how long
we'll be stuck together?
All right.
So... quick fire.
I get three questions
and so do you.
Okay.
Hit me.
How and why have you managed
to stay Patricia's assistant
for so long?
Why would you ask that?
I mean she doesn't seem like
the easiest boss in the world.
And it's my question. so...
Okay. umm...
When she took me under her wing.
she said if I worked very hard.
she would help me
with my writing.
So I guess I'm just waiting
for that day to happen.
Okay. your turn.
What exactly did you do before
you joined the newspaper?
Well. you already know
I was a travel writer.
I had a blog and a bad camera
and I just went
from country to country.
Europe. South-East Asia.
you name it.
Do you miss it?
The travel?
Hmm. good question.
I thought I would.
But I think I'm finding
that I kind of like
not moving around so much.
Okay. so this one doesn't count
as one of my official
questions. okay?
Okay.
What do you like
about journalism?
The people.
Meeting them...
really seeing them.
And then telling
the world about them.
Okay. favorite ice cream flavor?
That's easy. cookies and cream.
What?
No. it's all about
mint chocolate chip.
I tell everybody--
That's my second favorite.
so I'll give you that one.
City or countryside?
Usually I'd say city. but...
I don't know. you
might just sway me.
Who's your hero?
My mom.
She always puts
the right thing first.
Okay. last official question.
so you better make it count.
Oh...
Why are you so cynical
about love?
Whoa!
No holding back here. huh?
Honesty only!
Because of my parents.
I'm sorry. did they
have an unhappy marriage?
No. not at all.
Quite the opposite.
they were the perfect couple.
My mom used to say how lucky
she was to marry her soulmate.
She uh. she passed away
a couple years back.
Oh. I'm...
Drew. I'm so sorry.
I had no idea.
Thank you.
I mean. it hurt a lot
and I miss her every day.
But now we just try to
remember the good times.
And my dad. he...
he's had a little trouble
filling that void.
I guess 35 years of marriage
will do that.
Sounds like they loved
each other.
They did.
And I don't know if I'd ever
want to be that vulnerable.
I mean. all these
stories we've heard:
very romantic.
But all those ups and downs that
come along with being in love?
I think I could live a perfectly
happy life without it.
Has there ever been
anyone that's come close?
Honestly. no.
I mean. not really.
There's been some people
along the way. but...
nobody special.
-Thank you.
Check. please.
We should get out of here
and go find you some mint
chocolate chip ice cream.
Or better yet.
cookies and cream.
Right.
Hey. you.
Just taking some notes
after yesterday.
I got some voice recordings
from Olivia's family.
I wrote them up for you.
Thanks for doing all
that extra work.
Can I make a wild suggestion?
Go on...
It's pretty crazy.
I don't know if you'll be able
to handle it. but...
Try me.
What do you say we
skip the itinerary
and take the morning off?
Take the morning off?
I don't know that
we have time for that.
Don't you have to write
this thing. anyway?
No. we've got it under control.
We've got it under control?
I feel like one of us does.
Come on. I want to see this town
from your perspective.
a hometown girl.
Honestly?
Honestly.
Okay. let's do it.
Great.
Okay well. it is official.
I am terrible at wack-a-mole.
To think my whole life.
I had no idea.
But you did win a teddy bear.
which is kind of the highest
honor in the fairground world.
Surely that's like a
goldfish or something.
But I'll take it.
So this was your
teenage stomping grounds. huh?
Yeah!
We practically came here
every weekend.
There wasn't much to do in town.
but we always had a blast.
And how are you enjoying
your day off?
I'm having fun.
Oh. unscheduled fun?
If Patricia could see me.
I'm pretty sure
she'd freak a little bit.
I'm not usually one
to stray from a plan.
Yeah. I've kind of noticed that.
But I mean. if there's one thing
these last few years
have taught me.
it's that life without
a plan isn't so bad.
Even if the outcome isn't
always what you expected.
There's a lot to be said
for going off track.
It can...
It can lead to amazing things.
Shall we sit?
Yes.
So. answer me honestly.
is journalism what
you really want to do?
Wow...
Well. I love people's stories.
I mean there's
nothing better. to me.
than meeting somebody from a
completely different background
and completely different life
than myself.
How they always surprise you.
And they all have something
valuable to teach.
Yeah. I agree.
That doesn't really answer
my question.
Will you be happy
at Seattle City News?
With your dad
technically as your boss?
I'll admit it
wasn't always my plan.
But you like to go off plan.
Oh. okay. Touché.
Awhile back. I was in India.
I was writing this piece
for this big expat magazine
they have out there
about this local woman
who had started this orphanage.
Nice.
Yeah. it was just
totally inspiring.
and it really stuck with me.
and I thought. you know what?
I think it's time to go home
and maybe try to give back to
my own community in some way.
So I wanted to
come back to Seattle
and start a non-profit.
Really. what kind?
I hadn't quite decided.
I just knew that coming from
such a privileged background.
I wanted to set something up
to help those less fortunate.
Absolutely. that's amazing.
So why didn't you do it?
Things kind of changed
when my mom got sick.
My priorities changed and...
My dad really needed
both my brother and I.
He always wanted us to join
the company at some point.
I mean. we own two of
the city's biggest papers.
I think he kind of wants me
to take over soon.
That's amazing. just in
a completely different way.
Yeah. you know...
It's what's necessary.
But I have to ask.
If you're gonna take over
the company from the top.
why are you doing
little pieces like this?
Right?
I guess it's
just my father's way
of testing my commitment?
When I was a travel writer.
I was jumping from one thing
to the next so quickly.
country to country. that I think
he just wants to know
that I can see something
through and stay put.
I can understand that.
Yeah.
Plus. I'm pretty sure
he told Patricia
to give me the least
me assignment possible.
Just for that extra little kick.
It hasn't been all bad. has it?
Going off plan
can be an adventure.
And so far.
it's been a good one.
Okay. crazy idea.
Another one?
Let's organize a
big celebration.
What do you mean?
Just right here in town.
A celebration of
Sunflower Valley love.
So that all the people
can see all the nice things
Olivia did for everyone.
I'm sorry. I don't think
I'm hearing you correctly.
Drew Hutton wants to plan
a party to celebrate romance?
I'm serious!
We can have games
and lots of food. of course.
We'll invite everyone
that Olivia knew
and anyone else
who wants to come.
They can all share
their stories. It'll be fun!
I don't know...
I mean. I'd have to ask
Olivia's family
if she's okay with that first.
Yeah.
Well. let's go
ask them together.
What? No?
I thought you'd like this idea.
I do.
I just. I don't know.
Let's give it a go.
Yeah.
It's a lot of work
on top of everything.
Yeah. okay sure.
I think we have had
enough time off.
We better go. or we'll be late
for our next appointment.
Right. Okay. go.
This is Dean Richard's place.
He lost his wife of 44 years
a few years ago.
so he now runs
the farm by himself.
He saw my ad and couldn't wait
to talk to us about Olivia.
And he lives here. on
an actual sunflower farm?
Mmm-hmm.
It's been in his family
for generations.
It's great. isn't it?
Absolutely.
You must be the two reporters
from Seattle.
Yes. hi.
I'm Kate Francis and this
is Drew Hutton.
Welcome to Sunflower Farms.
I've been expecting you.
I'm sorry I'm so dirty.
I've been gardening all morning.
Not at all. it's wonderful
to meet you. Dean.
Yeah. it's quite the place
you have here.
Well. thank you very much.
So. how about a little
guided tour before we talk?
Yes please. that
would be amazing!
Alright.
This is our newest volunteer.
Tessa.
Old friend. we ran into
each other in town recently.
She wanted to help out.
so here she is!
-Hi.
-Nice to meet you. Tessa.
Come. I'll show you
our beautiful flowers.
Wow. very organized.
Pretty soon you'll
be writing itineraries.
Okay. let's not get too ahead
of ourselves yet.
[music plays]
I miss my beautiful Jane
terribly.
She was a wonderful woman.
I'm sure she was.
We actually met on a train.
On a train journey.
how romantic!
She was on her way to Wisconsin
and I was on my way back
to Sunflower.
We were sitting in the same car
next to each other.
but neither of us said anything.
We rode in total silence
for the longest time.
I was just too shy to start
a conversation with her.
But then suddenly.
the train lurched
and she spilled her tea
all over me.
You know. I've actually heard of
things like that
happening. Dean.
But tell me. do you think
she did it deliberately
just to get your attention?
Umm. excuse me.
I am sure it was a
perfectly innocent accident.
I don't know. maybe
it was a bit of both.
But it got the
conversation started
and once we got going.
there was no shutting us up.
Once I looked at her.
I just thought.
that's it. that's us
for the rest of our lives.
Soulmates?
Oh. definitely.
When we got to her stop.
she wrote her address
and phone number on a napkin
and handed it to me.
So. you got in touch?
Oh. tt wasn't that easy.
When I got off the train here.
I was clutching that napkin.
but a gust of wind caught it
and blew it onto the tracks.
It was gone.
I just stood there. devastated.
like I had lost her forever.
Oh no!
I was heartbroken until Olivia.
who was a friend of my mother.
stepped in to rescue me.
I told her the whole story
and that Jane.
I didn't even remember
her last name.
for crying out loud.
That Jane was a secretary
for a banker
in some tiny Wisconsin town.
And then without
even telling me.
Olivia took it on herself.
like some kind of
private investigator
and she started combing
through pages and pages
of companies and names.
She spent hours
on the telephone.
contacting all kinds
of businessmen and postmen
all across Wisconsin until
she finally found that bank
in a tiny town called Cedarburg.
-That is crazy!
-Yeah.
She got me the number
of that bank.
And when I called Jane. she
was delighted to hear from me.
So we started right in
like we hadn't missed a beat.
Can you imagine that?
Wow.
Here. I brought this.
I thought you might
like to see it.
That is us on our wedding day.
Olivia came too.
She wasn't well. but
she showed up anyway.
That's the kind of woman
she was.
Who's this?
That's our daughter.
She lives in New York
with my two grandkids.
Lovely. what's her name?
Olivia.
You okay?
Oh yeah. I'm fine.
So Dean.
you think you're
gonna keep the place?
Sure. I can't imagine letting
it go after all this time.
You're lucky to have
Tessa here to help you out.
She has been a godsend.
and lovely company.
Excuse me for asking.
I'm just curious.
You think you could ever
open the door to love again?
I think so. if the
right person came along.
Don't get me wrong. no
one can ever replace my Jane.
but as Olivia once told me.
everybody deserves
to love and be loved.
That was her legacy.
in my opinion.
Nice meeting you folks.
Good luck with the article.
I look forward to reading it
when you're done.
We'll make sure
to get you a copy.
-Yeah.
-Thank you for your time.
You take care now.
Yeah. you too.
So that's it. huh?
No more surprise
horses or bicycles
or. I don't know.
hot air balloons?
Nope. that's it.
All you have to do now
is write the article.
How's that coming. by the way?
Pretty good.
I think I have a good idea
of her life and motivations.
You okay?
Yeah.
You know what. if
it's all the same to you.
I think I might take
a little stroll on my own.
But will you
excuse me at dinner?
Of course.
Well. we're sorry Drew couldn't
join us for dinner tonight.
Me too. but he was different
after our interview today.
I think he's got some stuff
to work out.
He's a pretty complicated guy.
Sweetheart. it's
been a real treat
having you and Drew here
these past few days.
Your dad and I are
going to miss you.
Me too.
But we still have the weekend.
I'm sorry that I don't come home
as often as I should.
I'm just--
No. we know your job
is important
and we support anything
you want to pursue.
Writing has always
been my dream.
but every time I come back
here to Sunflower.
I just hate the thought
of being anywhere else.
This is home.
You just have to trust
your instincts. honey.
It'll all work out.
I think I'm gonna go out.
Go for a bike ride
before it gets dark.
Gonna go find Drew?
Just want to make sure
he's okay.
Go for it.
Hey.
Thought I might find you here.
You missed my mom's
world famous beef stew!
Oh. I'm sorry.
I just have a lot
to think about.
What are you doing here?
I was worried about you.
You know. meeting Dean
just got me thinking
a lot about my dad.
And everything. really.
I will admit that Olivia has
had more of an effect on me
than I expected.
That's a good thing. isn't it?
Seeing Dean in the same position
as my father
and just being so positive
about all of it.
It really gave me hope
that maybe my dad
will find another
special someone.
He deserves that.
It's so nice to hear you
say that.
I've also been thinking
a lot about my own life.
I've spent years closing myself
off from being vulnerable.
and that seems
really stupid now.
Because what I was
actually doing
was closing myself off
from really living.
I think that maybe love
is worth that risk.
I think so.
I was the same.
hiding behind work.
never putting myself out there.
always thinking
my Prince Charming
was going to come find me.
But I learned
three things this week.
I'm ready to write.
I'm ready to find love again.
And there's no Olivia
to help me.
[phone buzzing]
Sorry. that's my mom.
she's checking to
make sure I found you.
I think she likes you better
than she likes me.
Wait. your mom texts?
Oh yeah. she's sharp.
She saved you some leftovers.
by the way.
Good. because I
am starving. so...
Let's go.
Hey...
I hear you.
Hey Joe.
You need a hand?
I don't know.
you any good at splitting wood?
I'll give it a fair shot.
-Is that the good one?
-Hope so.
Whoa! Not bad!
-Not bad at all.
-Yeah.
So. how's the article going?
It's good.
Yeah. we're almost done
actually.
Kate's been great and
I've learned a lot being here.
Olivia. she was quite a woman.
wasn't she?
Oh. I guess Kate
must've told you. yeah.
You're too young to have
known her though. right?
Know her?
She's the one who
introduced me to Linda.
She's family!
She is?
What do you mean?
She's Kate's great grandmother!
She didn't tell you that?
No.
No. I guess she forgot
to mention that part.
What's so special about her?
You know what. why
don't you wait and see?
The article comes out
in a couple of days.
Alright. I'll do that.
By the way...
I haven't seen my daughter
this happy in quite some time.
Sunflower seems
to make her happy.
Well. home is
where the heart is.
Night. Joe.
Night. son.
Now this is something you
can't get in the city.
Breakfast al fresco
in peace and quiet.
Well. it was in peace and quiet.
So. I've got some news.
Yeah?
I just got off the phone
with Patricia.
And this piece is
gonna run tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Why? We weren't supposed
to publish until Monday.
Don't you need more time?
I don't know why.
something else got put on
hold at the last minute.
But look it's okay.
the piece is practically
written already.
As long as I have
enough caffeine.
I should have it ready in time.
But there is one more thing...
Yeah?
I was helping your dad
chop wood last night.
and he told me something.
He said that you guys
are related to Olivia.
I have been meaning to talk
to you about that and explain.
Why didn't you tell me?
I didn't realize just how
personal this was for you.
I'm sorry.
When I originally pitched
the story to Patricia.
I didn't want to mention
the family connection.
I thought she might
automatically dismiss it
as being too personal.
But then when you
got assigned the story
I thought it was no longer
an issue.
Are you mad?
No. I'm not mad.
I was just confused.
To be honest. it explains why
it was just so close to
your heart this whole time.
I'm sorry. I should
have talked to you about it.
One day last summer.
I was helping my mom
clean out rooms
at the lake house
and we found all these letters
and that journal you and I read.
And I just couldn't believe it!
All these precious memories.
I couldn't get them off my mind.
I just knew I had to honor
her stories in some way.
I wanted people to know
how much she did for others.
Well. that settles it.
You're writing it.
-What?
-Yeah.
Come on. you can do this okay.
You know you're a writer.
We've got all day.
I'll be right here with you.
Not an option.
I told Patricia I wouldn't.
Come on.
Patricia just wants to keep you
doing her kids'
science fair projects.
It's a nice idea.
but it's not part of the plan.
My time will come.
Okay. I mean it's your call.
Just know that I'm here
for you. alright?
You can send me
any story ideas you have
and I really want to help
you build your portfolio.
When you get back to Seattle.
I think you should
talk to your dad.
I mean. sit down
and really talk to him.
Explore your options for
taking over City News.
Yeah. maybe I will.
Okay. I'm going to make us
another pot of coffee.
Do you want anything
while I'm up?
To finish the piece?
You know what I need?
Some more of
your mom's brownies.
Quite a few of them.
Okay. you got it.
Be right back.
♪
Ready to submit?
I think so.
It's going to be great.
You did an amazing job.
I couldn't have
done it without you.
And you know what.
since we're here for longer
with nothing to do.
What about that
Sunflower Festival?
I knew you'd come around!
Yes. definitely.
First thing tomorrow we start
putting together ideas. yeah?
Yeah.
Alright. I am going to
tuck in for the night.
I can't believe when we wake up
Olivia will be out there.
for the whole world to see.
Yeah.
-Good night.
-Yeah.
Here goes nothing.
Publication day!
[humming]
Hey. what's going on?
Sorry. I know.
I was so excited.
I couldn't sleep.
So what do you think?
It took awhile. but I
think Drew finally got it
and I know he wrote
a beautiful piece.
I'm sure he did.
-Good luck.
-Thanks.
This is your day. Great Grandma.
Come on!
Oh no...
No. no. no!
Drew?
I can explain. okay?
There was a mistake.
this is my article.
We have to call the printers.
It's not a mistake.
I submitted your draft
last night.
I. I don't understand...
Look. I'm sorry
I didn't tell you.
But you left it behind
on the veranda
and when I read it.
I was blown away.
It was so much
better than anything
I could have ever written.
No surprise. because it came
from your heart.
This had to be your story.
I don't know what to say.
Patricia must be furious.
I'm going to lose my job.
No. no.
I'm not going to
let that happen.
She can't do that
without just cause.
Besides your work.
it speaks for itself.
I appreciate you
being so supportive.
I do. but you
shouldn't have done this.
And I flat out refuse
to use your family ties
to justify a
breach of confidence.
I'm not doing that.
I just felt that your work
needed to be heard.
Look. the paper
wanted this story
and it was your story to tell.
regardless of
what Patricia says.
I mean Kate. this
is your dream. okay?
You deserve to have
it start right now.
Okay. without my consent
you gave me a promotion.
But let's talk about you
for a second. okay?
You are avoiding making
changes in your life.
You clearly don't want
to run your dad's paper.
but here you are.
I would never make those
kinds of decisions for you.
Yeah okay. I guess you're right.
I hope you can forgive me.
Good luck with everything.
There's a plane later tonight
and if you leave now.
you'll definitely catch it.
You don't know Patricia
like I do.
Maybe you should go.
I'm gonna go. good bye.
[phone ringing]
Here goes nothing.
Patricia. I can
explain everything.
Kate. I thought it
was a clerical error.
But I asked Drew
and he told me that this article
was written entirely by you.
and you alone.
He approved it going to print.
I promise I did not
mean for this to happen.
I wrote kind of a mock piece.
just for fun.
I left it lying around.
Drew found it...
I can call the printers.
Well. I'm glad to hear
that you and Drew
are having such a good time.
Kate. you know it's too late.
Five hundred thousand copies
have just been distributed
across the city.
The truth is...
This is one of
the best pieces of writing
I've read in my time here.
What. really?
Really.
It's sweet. authentic.
witty. compelling.
You have a unique voice.
I have to say.
I underestimated you.
And maybe this should've
happened a lot sooner.
But that still
doesn't change the fact
that you were told
strictly not to write
or to even work on this.
I'll have a conversation
with Grant Hutton about this.
Thank you. Patricia.
Bye.
I am just so proud of you.
That piece brought tears
to my eyes.
I'm welling up just
thinking about it.
I had no idea you
could write like that.
Thank you mom. but I'm worried
I've blown up my career.
It doesn't matter. baby.
You have to commit
to what you stand for.
Just like the great grandmother
you never knew and honored.
She was our blood.
Standard bearer of strong.
driven women in
the pursuit of love.
She is why you're here.
Yeah. you're right.
I'm just. I feel like I
made a terrible mistake.
Drew is gone?
Oh. honey.
I know. I feel awful.
I was just so shocked.
Who knows. this could
be the start of something
you've always wanted.
Olivia was a great promoter
in the idea
of making lemonade
out of lemons.
It might feel good not
to be in Patricia's shadow.
not to be so stifled.
You mean unemployed?
Life is about how you handle
plan B. sweetie.
Did Drew tell you that?
Maybe.
He seems to care
an awful lot about you.
I'm not sure caring
is putting someone's career
at risk.
Well. you know I support you
in everything you do.
But you might want to give
this one a second thought.
Just saying.
So. what is it that you
couldn't tell me on the phone
or back on the road?
I wanted to show you
something. dad.
You brought me all the way out
here to see an old barn?
Come on. Drew.
Couldn't you have
emailed me a photo?
Well yeah dad I could have.
but I wanted to talk to you.
Alone. you know away
from the business.
With everything that happened.
losing mom.
I haven't been able
to find the right time.
Okay.
You have my
undivided attention.
Okay.
I don't think I can continue
at City News.
And I really don't think
I can take over the business.
Who asked you to?
Come on. we both know
that was always your hope.
But. I'm sorry.
it's just not gonna happen.
I'm just not cut out
for that life.
You and mom. you raised me
way too independent thinking
to ever put on a suit
and do a nine to five.
And I love you. I really do.
And I do not resent
our family's success.
I just want to be my own guy.
You had to bring me all the way
out here to tell me that?
Well. you know I've
always had this dream
of starting my own
non-profit or something.
While I was working on this
human interest piece
for the paper.
a friend of mine showed me
this old barn
that used to be
a youth center.
It was a lifeline for kids
in need
and it lost its funding.
I'd love to renovate it
and run it.
You know. really make
a difference.
But I don't want to do any
of that without your blessing.
Okay.
You know you always
have my blessing
no matter what you do.
I think it's a great idea.
Really?
And I'm proud of you.
Your mom would be. too.
I wasn't expecting that.
Of course.
I just want you and
your brother to be happy.
But no more writing?
Well I mean maybe.
but I don't know I just want
to try something new.
Well. to be honest.
I'm not surprised.
You were always a bit more
of a free spirit
from the time you were a kid
and wore mismatched socks.
But why here?
I don't know.
I don't think I can explain it.
I just really fell in love
with this place.
I see.
When can I meet her?
What are we doing
at the Lake House?
Your dad and I wanted
to show you something.
What?
Just come on in for a minute.
Okay.
Surprise!
[clapping]
Did you do this?
Hi. Kate.
It's nice to meet you.
Mr. Hutton.
it's nice to meet you too.
May I ask what are you doing
all the way out here?
I guess I'm here on business.
I read your article.
Did you come to
fire me in person?
Fire you? No.
I came to offer you a new job.
Your article. I have
to say it was quite something.
Apparently. we've been
getting emails all morning
from people wanting more.
Really?
Absolutely.
So I've asked Patricia to
make it a monthly feature.
A series. if you will.
The Love Stories
of Sunflower Valley.
What do you say?
Sure.
I mean. yes!
Thank you.
Alright then. we'll discuss
the details later.
There's somebody who
wants to talk to you.
Hey you.
You look so beautiful.
Alright everyone. we have
food and drink over here.
follow me and we
have games. too.
Wait til you see all of this.
You came back?
Well actually. I never left.
Take a walk with me?
So. I spoke to your parents
and we decided to plan
a little something
to honor Olivia and Sunflower.
and you.
Just like we talked about.
Maybe something that can be
repeated for years to come.
It's perfect.
And everybody's here.
I love it!
Yeah. there's even
a Sunny Smiles cake
up there for you.
And I don't know if you noticed.
but I took a page
out of Olivia's book.
And encouraged Dean
to bring Tessa.
That Sunflower Valley
magic is working.
And maybe on more
than just them.
Who would have thunk it?
Listen. I wanted
to apologize to you
for what I said last time
we saw each other.
Don't worry about it.
No. you did what you did for me
and you didn't deserve that.
I apologize for taking
such a huge risk.
but I mean I was only doing it
because I believe in you.
And uh...
There's one more thing.
Kate. you know what a huge cynic
I was before I met you.
You know before I came here.
Just a little.
But you...
You changed everything.
You're talented and beautiful.
You make me laugh.
You question me.
and challenge me.
Heck. you even spill coffee
on my white shirts.
Not intentionally.
I honestly didn't know I could
feel this way about somebody.
Me too.
Oh. and there's one more thing.
I got you a little something.
It's beautiful.
What now?
I think we start
writing our own story.
♪